Abstract                                                                                                              
--------                                                                                                              
Content management is a huge issue for organizations of all sizes,                                                    
addressed by products ranging from simple in-house solutions to                                                       
multi-million dollar commercial applications. Bricolage, an                                                           
enterprise-class open-source content management system powered by                                                     
Apache/mod_perl and PostgreSQL, aims to bridge the gap between these                                                  
extremes by offering an intuitive interface with powerful capabilities.                                               
                                                                                                                      
This presentation offers a practical introduction to Bricolage. As an                                                 
open-source product with commercial-class features such as document type                                              
definition, granular access control, flexible templating, and                                                         
platform-independent content distribution, Bricolage enables a deep and                                               
comprehensive organizational content management workflow. Following a                                                 
brief review of its history, we'll focus on the essentials needed to                                                  
start                                                                                                                 
using Bricolage. The topics covered include:                                                                          
                                                                                                                      
* Installation and configuration (including hardware and software                                                     
  requirements).                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                      
* Analysis and logical modeling of document types in an organization.                                                 
                                                                                                                      
* Importing existing documents via SOAP.                                                                              
                                                                                                                      
* Editing documents.                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                      
* Replicating and managing organizational workflow.                                                                   
                                                                                                                      
* Mason template development.    
                                                                                                                      
* Publishing and distribution.                                                                                        
                                                                                                                      
Bricolage has gained wide adoption from organizations as diverse as the                                               
World Health Organization and Macworld Magazine. Its power and ease of                                                
use                                                                                                                   
led to its being named "Most Impressive" of 2002 by eWeek. Join                                                       
Bricolage                                                                                                             
maintainer and lead developer David Wheeler to learn what the fuss is                                                 
about, and to discover how to put Bricolage to work in your                                                           
organization. 
