=head1 Paper: So Many Ways to Rome - Putting XML modules to the task                                                  
                                                                                                                      
=head2 Short Description (50 words)                                                                                   
                                                                                                                      
This paper will present the "Ways to Rome" series of articles, which                                                  
compare XML modules. The latest installments show how to use various                                                  
popular modules to do XML publishing in XHTML and to process XML                                                      
invoices. Fitness for the task, ease-of-use and performances will be                                                  
discussed.                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                      
=head2 Abstract                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                      
The original "Ways to Rome" is an article written by Ingo Macherius in                                                
1999.                                                                                                                 
It used several of the modules available at the time to extract the                                                   
XML grammar from the XML version of the XML specification.                                                            
                                                                                                                      
The task is rather simple, it consists in extracting the content                                                      
of a couple of elements, doing a little cleanup et voila!                                                             
                                                                                                                      
As Ingo stopped using Perl he offered the article to the community,                                                   
and I took over maintenance in 2000. I kept on adding new examples,                                                   
most of them contributed by module authors.                                                                           
                                                                                                                      
This first article is available at                                                                                    
                                                                                                                      
http://www.xmltwig.com/article/ways_to_rome/ways_to_rome.html                                                         
                                                                                                                      
This year, 2 more articles, along the same principles, will be added:       
converting an XML document to HTML (April 2003) and processing XML                                                    
invoices, a good example of data-oriented XML (June 2003).                                                            
                                                                                                                      
The articles list modules that are appropriate for the task (and modules                                              
that cannot be used and why), common pieces of codes used in all the                                                  
solutions, then presents the commented code, with an analysis of how fit                                              
they are for the task and how easy the code was to write.                                                             
                                                                                                                      
Each article ends with a benchmark for all the solutions.                                                             
                                                                                                                      
This paper will present the articles and give the audience tools to                                                   
decide which module to use for their specific tasks, along with a good                                                
understanding of the various processing models that exist to process                                                  
XML.                       
