YAPC Venue Weights

When the YAPC Conference Committee votes on venues, the voting system uses the following 
weights on each category which is voted on. Voters are presented with
the following categories, which they vote on a scale of 1 to 10 based
on the venue bid. Using these weights, the system tallies the votes
and gives the results.

Please note that this is used only as a guide for the voters to help
choose a venue. The Committee can still choose a venue which wasn't
chosen by the system.

You can use this as a guide on what things you may want to focus on
when writing the bid, although all areas should be touched upon.

Estimated Costs (90)

  This is the major theme of YAPC, where can we have the best conference
  at the affordableest price.  Ideally we want to walk away from a YAPC
  conference with more money than we started with.  Also is the 
  proposal grounded on saving money.

Readily Accessible Location (Planes, Trains, & Automobiles) (50)

  How is the overall travel to the location.  Are there Direct flights  
  and could or would you drive there? 

Public Transportation (60)

  This is pretty basic.  Basically can you get around without having a
  car.  Buses, trains, taxis, etc.

Facilities (100)

  Nice meeting rooms, a general area to sit and chat (BOFs), a good
  dinner night area.  Also what's the max size that the venue can 
  hold?  Too much space is better than too little.

Internet Access from Conference Location (100)

  How is the access going to be from the conference venue?  Ranges 
  from "wireless" to "lan" to "none".  Terminal room for non laptop 
  enabled attendees.

Internet Access from Accommodations (100)

  How is the access going to be from the dorms and nearby hotels?  
  Ranges from "wireless" to "lan" to "none"

New Location (50)

  To give a little incentive to those folks who are presenting locations 
  for the first time.

Affordable Dorms and Hotels (90)

  This along goes along with the whole theme of YAPC.  affordable affordable affordable.
  Let's spend the money at the auction that we normally would have spent 
  on our temporay living quarters. :)

Quality of Host Committee (40)

  From the proposal, does it look like the they have their act together.
  Are there gaping holes?  Did they go above and beyond?  Is there 
  someone on the committee with a proven track record of getting things
  done?

Tourist Activities (50)

  Many people make a vacation out of YAPC.  What other stuff can you do 
  that you wouldn't be able to do without attending the conference.

